{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 1. Popularity Among All Users:\
	It is not clear what is the message. Maybe positive correlation between two variable. The data are retweet count among peers and among all users. \
	The axis label is small, hard to read. The plot doesn\'92t say much, there is no clear pattern in the plot (or if there is, you should make it clear)\
\
2. Mentioned Counts group by celebrity\
	The message is probably the relation between number of mention for celebrity, and whether they win or lose. \
 	Again the words are small. One can include less actors to make it more readable. For the legend, it is not clear what L and W mean (Win and Lose?). Also why include those with no mention on the bottom?\
\
3. Top domains of External links\
	The plot is trying to describe what external link domain do user often use on twitter. \
	It is an informative plot, but the you can again include less observations, to make the plot more readable. Plotting it horizontally is a good idea. You should also mention that the count is in square scale. Or make it log scale (more standard). \
\
4. Comparing Male and Female on external links\
	The table trying to compare the difference between male and female, in term of what external link / services they use. It is informative, however presenting information in table is not optimal. \
	Use a plot here instead of table, possibly a group bar plot.  }